In this life, I live on my own
... At least, that's how it always feels.
To me, each day is just dark, and cold
Every day is never even "just okay" for me.
Expectations, Reality Despair...
That's it, that's all, that's all there'll ever be
I'm alone, alone forever
And it seems like that will never change
I wish I could live in a dream
And escape this hideous reality
Where I'm just never enough...
I'll never be enough
"Just who are you?" "Just who am I"
Questions ring around my head
I'm none, nothing at all, aren't I?!
Won't I ever escape?!
...I want to bloom
I
WANT
TO
BLOOOOOOOOM
BL00000000M
BL888M
BLO0O0O0O0O0O0O0OM
BL88888888M
BL00M
BL8888888888888888888888888888888888888M
BLOOOOOOOOM
FOREVER!
BLOOOOOOO000000000OM
ENDLESSLY!!
888.
I wish I could live in a dream
And escape this hideous reality
Where I'm just never enough...
I'LL NEVER BE ENOUGH!
"Just who are you?" "Just who am I?"
Questions ring around my head
I'm none, nothing at all, AREN'T I?!
WON'T I EVER ESCAPE?!
WON'T I EVER ESCAPE?! I CAN'T SEE,
WON'T I EVER ESCAPE?! I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR,
WON'T I EVER ESCAPE?! I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL,
I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE
I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM,
I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY,
I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU?
I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I?!
I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I?! CAN'T YOU SEE?
I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I?! CAN'T YOU SEE? WILL YOU SEE?
WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I?! CAN'T YOU SEE? WILL YOU SEE? I AM HERE!
WHO AM I?! CAN'T YOU SEE? WILL YOU SEE? I AM HERE! I AM ME!
CAN'T YOU SEE? WILL YOU SEE? I AM HERE! I AM ME! CAN'T YOU HEAR?
WILL YOU SEE? I AM HERE! I AM ME! CAN'T YOU HEAR? WON'T YOU HEAR?
I AM HERE! I AM ME! CAN'T YOU HEAR? WON'T YOU HEAR? ALL MY CRIES?
I AM ME! CAN'T YOU HEAR? WON'T YOU HEAR? ALL MY CRIES? ALL MY SCREAMS?
CAN'T YOU HEAR? WON'T YOU HEAR? ALL MY CRIES? ALL MY SCREAMS? I CAN'T SEE,
WON'T YOU HEAR? ALL MY CRIES? ALL MY SCREAMS? I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR,
ALL MY CRIES? ALL MY SCREAMS? I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL,
ALL MY SCREAMS? I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE,
I CAN'T SEE, I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM,
I CAN'T HEAR, I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY,
I CAN'T FEEL, I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU?
I CAN'T BREATHE, I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I?????
I CAN'T SCREAM, I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I????? I CAN'T BREATHE
I CAN'T CRY, WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I????? I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE
WHO ARE YOU? WHO AM I????? I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE
WHO AM I????? I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE
I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE I CAN'T BREATHE
...let me free.